<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><head>  <title>Privacy Policy</title>  <style type="text/css">    body { font-size: 12px; }  </style></head><body>   <p><strong>MOZILLA WEAVE PRIVACY POLICY</strong><br/>             Mozilla Labs Experimental Prototype</p>  <p>June 2008</p>    <p>We're working hard to protect your privacy while delivering products and services that bring you the performance and protection you desire in your personal computing.  This privacy policy explains how Mozilla Corporation ("Mozilla"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the non-profit Mozilla Foundation, collects and uses information about users of Mozilla Weave ("Weave Service").  This policy does not apply to other Mozilla websites, products or services.</p>  <p><strong>Definitions</strong></p>  <p>"Personal Information" is information that you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your name, address or phone number.  Except as described below, Mozilla does not collect or require end-users of Weave Service to furnish Personal Information.</p>  <p>"Non-Personal Information" is information that cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity.  Non-Personal Information includes but is not limited to your computer's configuration and the version of Weave you use.</p>  <p>"Potentially Personal Information" is information that is Non-Personal Information in and of itself but that could be used in conjunction with other information to personally identify you.  For example, Uniform Resource Locators ("URLs") (the addresses of web pages) and Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses (the addresses of computers on the internet), which are Non-Personal Information in and of themselves, could be Personal Information when combined with internet service provider ("ISP") records.</p>  <p>"Usage Statistics" is Non-Personal Information and Potentially Personal Information collected by Mozilla to understand its users' use of the Weave Service.  Such information may include but is not limited to: the amount and item count for each class of data users store with the service (e.g. bookmarks, tabs, etc.) but not the actual content, the frequency with which they access the service, bandwidth utilization, traffic patterns, etc.</p>  <p>"User Data" is the digital content stored on, manipulated, and transmitted to/from Mozilla’s servers by means of your use of Weave.</p>  <p><strong>Gathering, Use and Disclosure of User Data</strong></p>  <p><u>Personal Information.</u> Before you are able to access Weave, you will be required to register.  To register, Mozilla will collect the following Personal Information and Potentially Personal Information from you: username, email address and passwords. Mozilla will not make any of this information public.  To safeguard your privacy, Mozilla only makes Personal Information available to its employees, contractors, and selected contributors who signed confidentiality agreements that prohibit them from using or disclosing your Personal Information other than as needed to provide the Weave Service.  Mozilla will not knowingly disclose Personal Information to third parties unless required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, court order, or if necessary or appropriate to address an unlawful or harmful activity.</p>  <p><u>Your User Name and Password.</u> Once you have registered, you must use a password to prevent unauthorized access to your account.  Other than during the registration process, account recovery process or login prompts, Mozilla will never ask you for your password or username. Change your passwords periodically.  Mozilla assumes no responsibility for any damages or losses arising out of you losing your password.</p>  <p><u>Encrypted User Data.</u> Weave encrypts User Data locally using your passphrase and uploads encrypted User Data over the network to the Weave Service using SSL communication.  Mozilla believes that user privacy is important, and requires that the User Data is encrypted to reside on the Weave Service servers. (If you set up your own server, you can do whatever you want, obviously, and Mozilla has no control over or responsibility for any data stored on non-Mozilla servers.).</p>  <p><u>What Data is Analyzed by Mozilla?</u> Without your explicit approval and opt-in, Mozilla does not have access to your unencrypted User Data.  Mozilla will only use Usage Statistics to understand your use, and the collective use, of the Weave Service. While Mozilla does collect Personal Information and Potentially Personal Information through access logs it only uses this information to generate the anonymized and aggregated Usage Statistics.</p>  <p><u>How are Usage Statistics Used?</u> Mozilla will use Usage Statistics gathered through the operation of the Weave Service to improve the Weave Service and related Mozilla products and services.</p>  <p><u>Where are the Usage Statistics Available?</u> Mozilla is an open organization that believes in sharing as much information as possible about its products, its operations, and its associations with its wider community in order to improve its products and services.  As such, Weave Service users should expect that Mozilla will make all anonymized and aggregated Usage Statistics publicly available at some point. No Personal Information will be any of these public reports.</p>   <p><strong>How to Disable or Opt-Out of Weave</strong></p>  <p>If at any time, you decide you no longer want to have the Weave Service, you may un-install the Weave add-on.  For details, see <a href="https://services.mozilla.com/help/">https://services.mozilla.com/help/</a>.</p>  <p><strong>Privacy Policy Changes</strong></p>  <p>Mozilla may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  In order to use the Weave Service, you must agree to the terms of this policy.  Any and all changes will be reflected on this page.  You should periodically check this page for any changes to the current policy.  To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of this page.  Material changes will also be announced through the standard mechanisms through which Mozilla communicates with the Mozilla community.  It is your responsibility to ensure that you understand the terms of this Privacy Policy.</p>  <p><strong>For More Information</strong></p>  <p>If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Mozilla at: privacy@mozilla.com.</p>    <p><em>&copy; 2008 Mozilla Corporation - Mozilla Weave - Privacy Policy</em></p>  </body></html>